## Python (web) practices

* #### Use Virtual Environments

You should create a virtual environment for each project you create.
This will avoid any library clashes, since different projects may need different versions of a certain library.

* #### Flask

Flask implements only the most commonly-used core components of a web application framework so it is an excellent choice for building smaller applications, APIs, and web services.

* #### Templating

Instead of directly generating textual content from Python, the concept of separation of concerns advises us to use templates. A template engine manages a suite of template files, with a system of hierarchy and inclusion to avoid unnecessary repetition, and is in charge of rendering (generating) the actual content, filling the static content of the templates with the dynamic content generated by the application.

* #### Server Best Practices

The majority of self-hosted Python applications today are hosted with a WSGI server such as Gunicorn, either directly or behind a lightweight web server such as nginx. The WSGI servers serve the Python applications while the web server handles tasks better suited for it such as static file serving, request routing, DDoS protection, and basic authentication.

* #### WSGI

The Web Server Gateway Interface (or “WSGI” for short) is a standard interface between web servers and Python web application frameworks. By standardizing behavior and communication between web servers and Python web frameworks, WSGI makes it possible to write portable Python web code.

* #### Gunicorn

Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX. It is generally easiest to just install Gunicorn directly into the Virtualenv. 

* #### Pylint

Python static code analysis tool which looks for programming errors, helps enforcing a coding standard, sniffs for code smells and offers simple refactoring suggestions.

* #### Exclude with .gitignore

To exclude extra files (without restructuring your source repository) use a `.gitignore` file.

* #### Requirements

Use `requirements.txt` file to specify python packages and their versions that are required to run the project.

## Python unit testing practices

* #### Tests Should Be Fast

Do everything within your power to make your tests fast. If they’re slow, developers won’t run them as often as they should. To make them as fast as possible make them simple, don’t make them depend on other tests.

* #### Test Shouldn’t Duplicate Implementation Logic

The test code shoud not be a copy of the implementation code. If implementation is wrong, the test will not show it.

* #### Tests Should Be Readable

If tests are hard to read, developers are more likely to misunderstand them and introduce bugs. 

* #### Tests Should Be Deterministic

The test should always present the same behavior if no changes were made to the code under test.

* #### Behavior

Parametrize the same behavior, have different tests for different behaviors. Never loop over test cases inside a test – it stops on first failure and gives less information than running all test cases.

* #### Pytest

Framework to write simple and scalable tests.

## Pytest

To write unit tests for my application I used _pytest_ library. `app_python/test/unit/webapp/test_app.py` contains two unit tests: `test_landing_code` to test if the page loads successfully, and `test_landing_content` to test if the page displays the right content. `test.sh` contains script to run tests. 
